DateRangeBox: Add Getting Started with DateRangeBox guide (#5041)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DateRangeBox/05 Control the Behavior.md

> The DateRangeBox UI component allows users to type or pick a date range in a single or double calendar. To pick dates in a single calendar, disable the [multiView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#multiView) property. You can also specify whether the values should be applied instantly or when a user clicks the **Done** button. For this, implement the [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DateRangeBox UI component allows users to type dates or pick them from a dropdown. The dropdown can display a single-month or two-month calendar. To use a single-month calendar, disable the [multiView](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#multiView) option. You can also specify whether date selection should take effect instantly or after a user clicks **Done**. Use the [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDateRangeBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) property.
```

    @NgModule({
        imports: [
            // ...
            DxDateRangeBoxModule
        ],
        // ...
    })

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Options API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox
            :multi-view="false"
            apply-value-mode="useButtons" // or "instantly" 
        /> 
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxDateRangeBox from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxDateRangeBox
        },
    }
    </script>

    <!-- tab: App.vue (Composition API) -->
    <template>
        <DxDateRangeBox
            :multi-view="false"
            apply-value-mode="useButtons" // or "instantly" 
        /> 
    </template>

    <script setup>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DxDateRangeBox from 'devextreme-vue/date-range-box';
    // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DateRangeBox from 'devextreme-react/date-range-box';

    export default function App() { 
        return (
            <DateRangeBox

>                 multiVue=false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                multiView=false
```
